DAN: When Drago inherited the powers of the Sacred Orb
we thought it would be a blessing,
but instead it's a curse. He can't control his energy.
And both of us are being haunted by visions
of a sinister masked man called Mag Mel
and his Bakugan Razenoid.
Everywhere we turn, evil forces like Teams Anubias
and Sellon are infiltrating Bakugan Interspace.
Luckily we can count on Marucho and Shun.
We just might have a chance of regaining control
of Bakugan Interspace and banishing Mag Mel for good!
\u266a What are ya gonna do? \u266a
\u266a The odds are stacked against you, \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall, You gotta give it your all, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a This is the final stand, \u266a
\u266a -a-a-a-a-a The powers in your hand! \u266a
\u266a Two worlds collide, On the inside, \u266a
\u266a You got to fight for what's right, \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone... \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
[laser blasts]
[explosions]
[laser blasts and explosions]
GUNDALIAN SOLDIER #1: Stand firm!
We can't let them destroy any more of Gundalia!
SELLON: All of their pitiful attempts make me laugh.
GUNDALIAN SOLDIER #1: They're too strong.
ANUBIAS: Now, where's that little rat Dan Kuso?
ANUBIAS: [evil laughter]
The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Battle Lines
ELRIGHT: We've confirmed that the invading Chaos Bakugan...
...are heading in one direction.
REN: That's right. They're all proceeding directly
to the capital of Gundalia.
DAN: Sounds like bad news.
ELRIGHT: You're right. There's a dimension transporter
in the capital that connects Gundalia to Neathia.
We can only assume they're heading there
because they want to invade Neathia next.
RAFE: Are you serious?
SHUN: Do we know where Mag Mel is now?
REN: Kind of. We're picking up bio-waves
that are being sent to the Chaos Bakugan.
We believe its Mag Mel giving his orders,
and they're on a frequency that would suggest
he's hiding under ground.
PAIGE: [angry grunt] So what are we waiting for?
Let's go! It's time we smoke that rat
out of his hole and squash him!
REN: Paige remember the last time we tried
a surprise attack? The surprise ended up being on us.
ELRIGHT: Right now we have to focus on protecting
the people of Gundalia. That's our first priority.
PAIGE: Arrrggh! Fine then!
DAN: So let's go take care of that swarm...
of Chaos Cockroaches first and then Drago and I...
will find Mag Mel and we'll finish him off too!
MARUCHO: Sorry Dan, but you guys are gonna have to
sit this one out.
DAN: Huh?
DAN: What are you talking about?
Quit fooling around, Marucho.
MARUCHO: I'm not fooling around this time, Dan.
You need to take yourself out of this next battle.
DAN: What for?
MARUCHO: The reason our last plan fell apart...
was because Mag Mel used your psychic link to read your mind,
and see the ambush we had planned.
We can't risk being compromised like that again.
MARUCHO: Not to mention that you're not in fighting shape.
Having your brain invaded repeatedly has taken
a toll on your body. You're a liability.
DAN: What? That's just crazy talk.
MARUCHO: I went against my better judgment before...
and let Drago fight when he didn't have control...
of his powers and that ended badly.
DRAGO: But things are different now.
DAN: I'm the original Battle Brawler, you're not...
gonna keep me from this fight. I came to free Gundalia.
MARUCHO: We need to pick the best strategy right now,
and that means reducing any unnecessary risks, like you.
DAN: [gasp]
DAN: Who are you calling a risk?
MARUCHO: Whoa!
DAN: [angry grunt] How many times...
have I saved your bacon over the years, huh?
And now you're going to call me a threat to the team?
TRISTAR: Let him go, dude!
DRAGO: Dan! Stop it!
DAN: [angry grunt] You're a punk!
RAFE: That's enough, Dan! Try to stay focused...
on who the real enemy is here!
DAN: Hmmm! Whatever.
GUNDALIAN SOLDIER #1 : The Chaos Bakugan have
breached the perimeter!
REN: We've gotta go!
MARUCHO: We'd better hurry up, Shun.
SHUN: Yeah...
DAN: Stinks!
TRISTAR: I can't believe the nerve of Dan, putting his hands
on you like that. Not cool at all, dude.
MARUCHO: He's just mad.
TRISTAR: No kidding.
MARUCHO: If I hadn't spoken to him that harshly,
he would've ignored us, and rushed back out into battle.
MARUCHO: Even though he knows
he could've hurt himself or others.
TAYLEAN: What's wrong, Shun?
SHUN: Nothing. I'm just fine.
DAN: I'm sorry, Drago. After all the training and hard work
we went through to get back in synch...
I let Mag Mel get in my head, and now we can't battle.
DRAGO: It's not your fault. You had no way of knowing
they were playing us. But now that we do...
I think it's time we settle the score.
DAN: That sounds... like a plan.
DAN: [angry grunt] Mag Mel!
DAN: [grunt, exertion reax] Aaaaarrrrrgggghhh!
DRAGO: Dan!
DAN: Aw! Not again! It's happening!
DRAGO: Dan! Don't let him in!
Stay strong! You can fight it!
MAG MEL: Where are you, Kuso? You can't hide from me forever!
MAG MEL: Come to me! Give me the key and...
gate that I seek, nooooow!
DAN: Say what?
MAG MEL: Give me what I seek, or Gundalia will be destroyed!
MAG MEL: [evil laughter]
DAN: Huh? Stop iiiiiiiiiiit!
DAN: [gasp]
DRAGO: Is he gone?
DAN: Yeah, it's really weird Drago,
Mag Mel said something about a Key and a Gate.
DRAGO: That sounds very familiar.
DAN: That girl we fought in New Vestroia
talked about it too, remember?
DRAGO: Yes! That's right!
DAN: [gasp]
DAN: Let's Mobile Assault this.
BAKUMETER: Ready, Zoompha.
DAN: Mobile Assault Vehicle!
DAN: Laaaaaaaunch!
DAN: Let's go!
DRAGO: Ready!
MAG MEL: Come to me now Dan Kuso!
DAN: I have no clue what this Key and Gate are,
but at least now we know it's us he's after and not Gundalia.
DRAGO: Then let's pay him a visit.
DAN: That's the plan!
DAN: I have to do this myself.
I can't keep putting the others in danger.
DAN: Huh!
DRAGO: What?
DRAGO: Taylean?
SHUN: Hey where do you think you're going?
SHUN: We can't let Dan jeopardize
the mission, Taylean!
DAN: We may have to call on Zenthon for help, Drago!
LINEHALT: Bolting Vibra!
WOLFURIO: In the name of the Castle Knights of Neathia...
I cast you out!
BOULDERON: Come and get some!
RAFE: It doesn't matter how many we stop they just keep coming.
PAIGE: Then we keep going until they're all destroyed!
PAIGE: They won't get away with this, not again!
RAFE: I know!
TRISTAR: Haaaaaaaah!
TRISTAR: Wow where the heck is Taylean?
MARUCHO: And Shun...Oh man!
SHUN: I asked you where you were going, Dan.
DAN: None of your business.
SHUN: You wouldn't be going after Mag Mel
and Razenoid, would you?
DAN: If you already know the answer
then why bother asking the question!
SHUN: Have you thought about what happens when you find him?
DAN: Ya, we fight him.
SHUN: Do you honestly think it will be that simple?
SHUN: How do you know it's not another trap?
DAN: Even if it is, still have to fight him.
It's the only way to end this.
DAN: Get off of me, dude!
SHUN: [grunt]
DAN: Whoa! [grunt, pain reax]
DRAGO: Dan!
DAN: [groan] What the heck, dude!
SHUN: You deserved it!
DAN: What for?
SHUN: For always trying to be the hero!
I don't know what kind of training you did
but it didn't change you one bit!
SHUN: You've barely been back two seconds
and already you're bottling up your anger
and frustration and running off on your own again.
Leaving the rest of us behind!
DAN: No, I...
SHUN: Enough lies, Dan you're coming with me.
DAN: Hmmm?
DAN: Haaaaaaaaah!
DAN: I don't care what you say, Shun.
DAN: Nothing is going to stop me!
SHUN: Fine then. All you have to do...
is get through me first.
TAYLEAN: And me too.
DAN: Okay. Drago.
DRAGO: You got it.
TAYLEAN: Whoa! DRAGO: Whoa!
TAYLEAN: [gasp] DRAGO: [gasp]
ANUBIAS: It's been a while, huh Kuso!
DAN: It's you!
ANUBIAS: Get ready, the one you're going...
to be fighting is me!
DAN: BakuNano Sonic Canon! Destrooooy!
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Heavy Weight Metal Blast!
TAYLEAN: Hmmmmph!
ANUBIAS: Haaaaaaah!
ANUBIAS: [grunt] Ha, Ability activate!
ANUBIAS: Garam Damura!
TAYLEAN: Whoa! DRAGO: Whoa!
DAN: Ability activate!
Dragon Force Striker!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaaaaaaah!
ANUBIAS: That's not bad. But check this out!
Come Mechtogan! Miserak! Venexus!
[heavy ground impact]
ANUBIAS: [grunt, pain reax] I forgot about this part.
This should definitely finish them off for good!
DAN: Guess we're up next, Drago!
DRAGO: Guess so!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar]
[heavy ground impact]
ZENTHON: When my masters call, I will come to serve...
and destroy all those who oppose them!
DAN: Go! Drago! Zenthon!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: Huuuuuuaaaah!
[heavy metal impacts]
ANUBIAS: What are you doing? Crush them now!
SHUN: BakuNano Hammermor! Destrooooooy!
TAYLEAN: Haaaaaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: [grunt, pain reax]
DAN: Drago!
ZENTHON: Master!
SHUN: Taylean!
TAYLEAN: I'm on it...
Haaaaah!
ANUBIAS: Fight back, fool!
TAYLEAN: [grunt, pain reax] Aaaaarrrrrrrggggghhhh!
ANUBIAS: One more time!
ANUBIAS: [grunt, pain reax] Come now Smasheon!
[heavy ground impact]
SHUN: Ability activate!
SHUN: Kazami-Style Slash Tornado!
DAN: Nice one, guys!
SHUN: We've got this one!
TAYLEAN: We'll stall them while you prepare
your next attack!
DAN: Get ready, Drago!
Zenthon! Time for Mechtogan Titan!
ANUBIAS: Your strategy won't work on me, fools!
SHUN: [frustrated grunt] That's not good.
TAYLEAN: [grunt, pain reax]
SHUN: Aaaaaaarrrrggggghhhh!
SHUN: Ooomph!
DAN: Shun! Oh man!
[heavy ground impact]
DAN: Zenthon Titan!
SHUN: Wow that's new!
ZENTHON: The powers of fire that I possess...
I now offer in service to my masters!
ANUBIAS: Hah! You haven't won yet!
DAN: Ability activate!
DAN: Revolutional!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar] Haaaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: That's right!
DAN: Let's go, guys!
Ultimate Ability Activate!
Wonder Superior!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar] Haaaaaaaaaah!
ANUBIAS: Impossible! How can a Bakugan
take out a Mechtogan?
DAN: Oh yeah!
DAN: Huh?
DRAGO: What's that?
SELLON: Did you fools really think...
we'd let you battle the Master?
SHUN: Who is she?
ANUBIAS: You're interrupting!
DAN: Bring it, lady!
ANUBIAS: [angry grunt] This isn't over!
Not even close!
DAN: He got back up?
SELLON: Attack! Braxion! Deezall and Rock Fist!
DAN: Ability activate!
Wonder Superior!
DRAGO: [rising mighty roar] Haaaaaaaaaaaah!
DRAGO: How did I miss those two?
SELLON: Destroy!
SELLON: What happened?
DAN: [gasp]
TRISTAR: [laughter]
SHUN: Marucho! Tristar!
MARUCHO: Let's give them one more!
TRISTAR: Sure thing!
SELLON: They took him out with one hit?
MARUCHO: Just a little BakuNano hack I came up with.
MARUCHO: I took Cannonfury, Rafe's Mobile Assault Vehicle
and increased the firepower of its cannons,
tuning it for Mechtogan-strength targets.
DAN: Now let's finish this!
ANUBIAS: [grunt, pain reax] Not yet!
I'm not finished. [groan]
SELLON: I beg to differ my friend.
TRISTAR: Oh yeeeaaah!
DAN: Hey Marucho. Thanks, pal.
DAN: Hey!
MARUCHO: Tell me! What part of you have to sit this one out
didn't you understand, Dan?
MARUCHO: Not only did you put yourself in danger,
but Shun too!
MARUCHO: What are you trying to prove?
DAN: Marucho we just found out Mag Mel is...
MARUCHO: Who cares! You blatantly ignored
my orders as Team Leader, Dan!
DAN: Huh? Leader?
DAN: [angry growls] MARUCHO: [angry growls]
REN: Come in, Marucho!
MARUCHO: Go ahead, Ren. I'm here.
REN: We can't find Paige and Rafe.
It looks like they've gone after Mag Mel.
MARUCHO, SHUN and DAN: [surprised grunt]
PAIGE: So that's where the creep is holding up.
RAFE: How the heck are we going to sneak in there?
SHUN: Hey, you two!
RAFE: [gasp] PAIGE: [gasp]
MARUCHO: Stop, you guys are not going to get far.
We need to come up with a plan...
PAIGE: Take a hike!
SHUN: What did you say?
PAIGE: I'm through standing around while
he burns Gundalia to the ground!
RAFE: Yes, we need to take immediate action.
DAN: Uh guys... [grunt]
DAN: Lookout!
ALL: Whooooaaaaa!
DAN: Rafe and Paige went off in search of Mag Mel
which wound up getting the rest of us Brawlers
in hot water too. I guess they didn't realize that it's Drago
and I that have to take down Mag Mel and Razenoid.
It's because they're after some kind of Gate and Key
they think we have. Whatever, dude!
Those clowns are through destroying Gundalia
because we're about to take them down for good!
You can believe it! If I were you I'd tune in to watch
the action first hand. It's gonna be epic!
Maybe after we're done rescuing Gundalia,
we'll win back the trust of the other Brawlers and they'll
realize who the real Team Captain should be.
\u266a [MUSIC]